two pair multiple devices on the
Sportwagon bluetooth we're going to need
to go to the phone menu on the display
up front
using the down button I'm going to go
down to bluetooth and phone search it's
going to start looking for phones
so I'm going to come over to my
co-workers iPhone make sure is bluetooth
is switched on and it found ours iPhone
so I'm going to hit OK right there
it's going to ask me to confirm the
password and it's asking me to do the
same thing here so I'm going to hit pair
and then ok to confirm that the password
is the same it disconnects from my phone
and then it connects to Dora's phone so
now I have two different phones
connected and you can see them by going
to the phone menu going down to
bluetooth user hitting ok to select user
you can see we've got both phones in
here this is also how we're going to
switch back and forth between the phones
so from that main phone menu using these
controls we're going to go down to
Bluetooth hit ok to select user right
now is paired to Dora's phone I'm just
going to go up back to my phone hit OK
and connect it'll disconnect from Dara's
phone
and it'll connect to mine that's how to
do it was your friend he didn't want to
take